README.md, before:

# _ZOOmAPP_

#### _Animal Tracker Application for a Local Zoo, September 22, 2017_

#### By _**Maria Thomas**_

## Description

_Ask user's input for their condition or doctor's name then program will display the list of doctors that matches to their input._

## Development Specifications

| Behavior      | Input | Output |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| |  |   |

* _***********_
![image of animal](https://github.com/malethr/doctorAPI/blob/master/images/*****.png)

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _For a mac, run the following command in your terminal:
git clone (https://github.com/malethr/angularLocalZoo)_
* _Run gulp build then gulp serve in terminal._

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or suggestions. Please free to contact us._
_Maria Thomas. Email: malethr@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_JS_
_Html_
_CSS_
_bootstrap_
_ajax_
_JSON_
_Bower_
_Angular_
_ES6_

### License

This software is licensed under MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Maria Thomas_**

Commit message:

edit README and edit nav

README.md, after:

# _ZOOmAPP_

#### _Animal Tracker Application for a Local Zoo, September 22, 2017_

#### By _**Maria Thomas**_

## Description

_An application that helps track animals in a zoo. It display all the information per animal. It also has the ability to add and edit animal information._

## Development Specifications

| Behavior      | Input | Output |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Program can display list of animals | All animals | Species: Arctic Fox ....  |
| Program can edit animal information | current Species: Arctic Fox  | new Species: Black Fox  |
| Program can add animal | new Species: Lion  | Lion  |
| Program can filter animal by young and old age | All young animals  | Arctic Fox Age: 2 y/o  |

* _***********_
![image of animal](https://github.com/malethr/angularLocalZoo/blob/master/resources/images/view.png)
![image of animal](https://github.com/malethr/angularLocalZoo/blob/master/resources/images/editform.png)
![image of animal](https://github.com/malethr/angularLocalZoo/blob/master/resources/images/addform.png)

## Future Development

_Display the pictures and species name on homepage in three column and display the information once clicked_
_Add delete button for the animal list_
_Add map and viewable in hover mode in location info_
_Magnify images during when hover_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _For a mac, run the following command in your terminal:
git clone (https://github.com/malethr/angularLocalZoo)_
* _Run gulp build then gulp serve in terminal._

## Support and contact details

_If you have any questions or suggestions. Please free to contact us._
_Maria Thomas. Email: malethr@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_JS_
_Html_
_CSS_
_bootstrap_
_Angular_
_JSON_
_Bower_
_Angular_
_ES6_

### License

This software is licensed under MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2017 **_Maria Thomas_**
